God I can't wait to do this again vote
again man it's so easy I can grab this
no it's not
[Music]
it's not all right somebody start the
mode somebody started mine
wait wait wait I think I made it oh I'm
getting ready to start I did that
I'll be honest for this session we did
not plan on playing this game now if
you've been on the channel for a little
while you'll remember I did a mini
series on this game where I played it by
myself because I have no friends and as
we were sitting in Discord we were
trying to figure out what we wanted to
play and I just randomly threw it out
there that we should try totally
reliable delivery service I always had a
good time in the game you remember the
the fish I couldn't get into the window
great time and sure enough this session
ended up being one of our favorites to
record so if you do enjoy this video on
totally reliable delivery service please
do leave a like on this video that and
also if you're new to the channel or
find yourself coming back on the regular
and you aren't subscribed why not you're
already coming back anyway thank you so
much for clicking on the video in the
first place and I hope you enjoy the
rest of it oh I'm here Papa's here and
I'm so excited
oh Chrissy's here and I'm so excited
hello token black guy has arrived hold
on fellas hold control and spit around
man
hold on fellas helicopter hold on fellas
I know
children I have an idea
children let's run face first into this
building
oh that was awesome
you ever see one of those things with
like wearing a sticky outfit and they
try to jump on the wall
I'm covered in nut I should stick yeah
I'm out of myself up with peanut butter
and I'm about to hit this wall full
speed let go of me [__] I'm getting
drained but my bald head
I'm getting dragged by my balls that is
how you usually grab bald people
centipede
yet
this is the future of humanity
is there dynamite in this pumpkin
uh crazy where the hell we going I don't
I don't know how I'm driving
dude
Jesus I don't know how the [__] I'm
driving this thing damn I need to I need
to get hit by you for insurance fraud I
got to get your number damn come here
yeah
what the [__]
Grizzy Grizzy
do you see what I see up there
all right let's deliver
oh are we delivering oh we gotta all go
in here
oh should we like racing racing oh what
the [__]
it all right
there we go
oh
come on
oh God
man
Grizzly see you later I was talking
about it in game buddy oh don't flip me
flip me truck and then she got the beans
[Music]
guys help somebody please just stop just
stop look at me look at me I see I saw
your little toes hanging out
all right
I'm gonna win this race [__] you Matt I
let go of my button uh it's actually so
hard to drive it's like like [__] [__]
man
we lost a dick sniffer 22. number one
racist I didn't mean to start that again
I want to win no how do we leave this
all right we can see him see an idiot
with me wait you gotta wait wait that's
kind of [__] up man hey take over it
later everybody get in one it'll be good
now
again
y'all got room for one more set in the
middle hold on to each other fellas
throughout the garbage
oh we were whipping now dude
oh
stay calm everyone oh my God
my head out the side looking like a Lego
man
[Laughter]
I'm trying to pull you up
I'm in the trash bro I keep grabbing
puffer instead of the steering things
you drive
to your head I kind of want to flip the
car again no no no no no no you're
trying to hit my dumbass
these nuts
wait Matt grab onto my legs grab under
my legs puffer I think you're stuck
halfway in the thing that's why
you grabbing the [__] pie behind me
and just hold am I on Ice no you might
be uh you ready how to files on Ice no
no no there we go
oh my God
I just realized I kind of dressed for a
regular casual day with no delivery so
this makes more sense to me anyway oh
hello an airplane hold on wait these
little handle thingies
there's one hanging off the back too I
have a feeling I'm gonna fall off this
airplane you're good where do you guys
want to go crazy man I'm big killing uh
look at this island
I'll bring you around I'll bring you
around
I think I need to hold both
Excuse Me Hold Your Wings nope okay I'm
sorry I'm sorry yeah puffer come get in
grab onto me buddy we're gonna come to
you guys you guys hang up
oh my God it's okay
how high up are you oh uh you're about
even with me
hello Matt my friend
oh that's round
oh no she capsizing okay is that a shark
yeah oh
ouch oh sweetie I lost my umbrella you
like swimming I died
here I come damn it
[__] thing get off my ass
big crab here I come
all right here we go
guys
hold on for dear life fellas
that's useless are you [__] kidding
me make sure you grab on to me
I can't stand up okay please
who knew getting in a boat would be so
hard
if I hit that ball about 30 times
I skimmed off the boat it's like it's
like being a bear and a salmon rush
together me and Papa make a full circle
if we kissed our mustache goatee I won't
oh my God
oh my God I'm going to [__] drive
Chrissy
come here come here you sound like
you're about to announce something car
a brand new
we're coming boys
oh Jesus we gotta go save them
we're fine no we're going to save you
all right we gotta go save them
oh my God
yeah too many DUIs in this [__]
that's for sure
oh hey guys you like running over
civilians at high schools
oh
crazy oh what the
what the hell
what the [__] where did they go I drove
it off the cliff hop in quick
me
I have a passenger
oh yeah there's a carnival over here
yeah straight this way oh I thought this
was a ramp oh it is a ram it is a ramp
everything's a ramp in this game we know
it
oh man you didn't listen to the sign
I thought we were gonna bounce oh
is this how you drive a car
yeah you got dude you almost hit map
oh my God
I'm sorry no vehicles allowed on the
[__] Merry-Go-Round whatever the [__]
this is I forget who wants in on the
ferris wheel with puffer I would love to
come in the Fairway we gotta do some uh
we gotta do some safety testing in this
thing so I hope you don't guys don't
mind I'm gonna put this inside but we
gotta make sure it doesn't look very
safe that looks like it has to stick a
dynamite on top of it I don't even why
are you questioning me sorry about the
car by the way some idiot drove into
this but well it'll be all right we'll
figure it out I wonder who that was
okay hold on I'm gonna have to fix this
bear with me
[Music]
dude no way someone get in the other one
and drive it backwards while I'm doing
this that kind of works
I'm gonna go find another car wait I'm
gonna hit this thing forward
do it please get out of there
[Music]
the ferris wheel is back in business
don't hit that guy
up in there
ignore my grandma in the bank
[Music]
[Applause]
how you run forward
[Music]
so annoying no more swing
[Applause]
I actually have no explanation
all right fellas you ready to experience
the ferris wheel
wow this [__] sucks
last one wins
what is this a goddamn Mr B's video
oh no I think I'm feeling I'm just
sleeping I'm I'm spamming oh I'm knocked
out again this chaos is my comfort zone
I've been knocked out again again
see it underneath hold on
hold on okay ready yeah are you about to
hit the brakes
oh [__]
oh I got it oh never mind oh God I can't
wait to do this again
man it's so easy I can grab this no it's
not
and first drive oh it spawns you so far
back all right somebody start the mode
somebody start your mind
wait wait wait I think I made it well
I'm getting ready to start I did that
that somehow doesn't get old you get
such a running start down there racist
who wants to who wants to kiss me
I got two hands off
good things
[Music]
somebody win grab all my man mini love
songs baby duckies
nobody left you're just right by we're
gonna jump in just try it do it fast
over here over here
go going
[Music]
to buy a head on it
impossible to [__] that up
nice
please bro
before
where are we going right here
oh
yeah
wait there's a little spinny ride over
here dude I [__] I'm the only person
that stayed on the dock after that
wait guys okay
guys come here
I'm here
what's the plan all right come on let's
go inside oh my God who's on T Blues
team red
wait wait
wait
you didn't even wait you just went for
it all right count down three two one go
yummy oh Marty
bye man
um
[Music]
I'm good kill him kill still trying to
figure out how to fly these things he's
really wrestling that control stick come
on yeah oh God oh God oh God oh God oh
let's go on the mountain yeah that's
where I'm trying to go but stop jumping
because it [__] up the trajectory of it
I gotta be honest guys wait what the
[__] is that I don't have my license
wait look to them what hey never
bothered me
because it's a perfect all right
no way yo hey Frosty got hands wait wait
yo are you gonna do it yeah I just need
to they should respawn once I take it
down
oh
[Applause]
somebody count us down somebody count us
down three you ready yeah go three three
two one go okay
guys
you fellas need a pickup we're not the
world
oh [__]
you guys need a pickup okay I'm gonna
try and help turn this around I don't
know grip it hopefully I don't jackknife
this [__] nope just kidding
it's okay there we go that's good it's
good
all right
flip it instantly lost it
oh God oh God blue and milk we got it
there we go come on Grizzy hold on to my
hips
we all good yep see me looking back at
you guys
are we ready we're ready
all right let's do it
Full Speed Ahead you're gonna drive back
why why aren't you why aren't you
looking forward
you realize it's split in the middle
how are we driving now
we driving nice
I love it I just became Blues I'm coming
to save you
coming to save y'all
are you okay buddy give me a hug okay
you're okay okay yeah you're good
excuse me Jesus
excuse me
taxi on the way Taxi
foreign
[Music]